[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK:
Welcome to "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And in this episode,
I am continuing
to interview the great hero
of exposing the Federal
Reserve, G. Edward Griffin.
And specifically,
we're going to be
talking about two different
subjects in this episode.
The first one may
really shock you.
We're going to see
photographs of what
appears to be something that
is totally non-constitutional,
extrajudicial.
We're going to see the
New York Police Department
colluding with the
Federal Reserve banks
and the intelligence agencies
for a single facility
where they are literally
using the spy-cam footage
from the cameras mounted on
the streets around Wall Street
to put people
under surveillance.
And you've got desks
for the Federal Reserve,
desks for Goldman Sachs.
Why the heck should
they have access
to all the surveillance
footage of everybody
that's in Wall Street?
That's pretty crazy
in and of itself.
So that'll be an
interesting discussion.
Secondly, we're going to
talk about the McCarthy era.
Most people sort of blow
that off, if they even
know about it all, the
idea of the Red Scare
that the communists
are invading.
But in my work
"Financial Tyranny",
I've described how the US
and the USSR at the highest,
highest levels were
actually working together.
Now certainly, even people in
high-level government positions
didn't necessarily know
this, but the people
that were pulling the
strings certainly did.
And so there were actually
agents of the Communist party
that had gotten
implanted in America
that were, in fact,
using both sides to play
against the middle.
And this was something that
Senator Joe McCarthy found out
about.
He was actually a whistleblower
who started this communist Red
Scare investigation to try
to break the cabal apart.
It did not succeed, but
it's a very interesting part
of history that most
people overlook.
And G. Edward Griffin wrote
a whole book about it.
So check it out.
Ed, we're going to
show everyone who
watches this video a series
of astonishing photographs
of a large, centralized
office for the New York Police
Department in which they have
banks upon banks of monitors
that are linked to
surveillance cameras
in and around Wall Street.
The mayor of New
York is involved.
The New York Police
Department is involved.
But also very clearly in
this big surveillance center,
they have a desk
for Goldman Sachs.
They have a desk
for Bank of America.
And they have a desk for
the Federal Reserve System.
This seems to be
treason of the highest
order for the police
and the banking system
to be colluding on
enacting surveillance
against Wall Street.
What the hell is going on here?
>>GRIFFIN: Well, yeah, I
understand what you're saying,
David, and I agree with the
import of your question.
It looks very
suspicious, doesn't it?
Like taxpayer money is being
used for a private purpose,
like as a private security firm.
The New York Police
Department's been
turned into a private
security agency for the banks.
And we're paying for it,
or at least New Yorkers
are paying for it.
That's one view,
and I think there's
a lot of validity to it.
And it can be bolstered,
though, from the other side
by saying, well, yeah, but
it's in the best interest
of society.
Because the banks
are targets, and we
can see all these angry
demonstrators petitioning.
And the next thing
you know, they'll
be rioting against Wall Street.
They may be throwing fire
bombs into the buildings.
And the banks will
burn down, and people
will lose their money, and the
banking system will collapse,
and America will collapse.
And it's in the best interest
of America to protect the banks.
That's how the argument goes.
And a lot of people say,
oh, yeah, that makes sense.
We do want to protect our
financial infrastructure,
right?
So yeah, there's
an argument to it.
But we know better, don't we?
We know that even
though that's true,
that there is a national
interest in protecting
the financial
infrastructure, making sure
that it's not destroyed by acts
of violence, and that is true.
Even though in spite
of that, we also
know that the banks have undue
influence with the cities
and the states and the
national governments,
and they are getting
very favorable treatment.
And I'm sure that
once somebody decides
to really look into that
and follow the money,
they'll find out that
taxpayers are paying
way more than they
think to protect
the integrity of the banks.
>>DAVID: Ed, how do you
see the relationship
between secret societies
and this banking cartel
that we've been discussing?
What I'm specifically
thinking of now
is something you read about
all the time from people
who write about this--
the Freemasonry,
or the Masonic Order.
Now, we know through various
investigative journalists
that you go through
a series of degrees,
and you swear upon pain of
death that you will ever
conceal and never reveal
the secrets of the order.
And we also know
that when you get up
to the seventh degree
of Freemasonry,
called Royal Arch Mason, that
you swear that you will cover
up anything that
your fellow Masons do
that's illegal, including acts
of murder and acts of treason.
Is it possible that Freemasonry
is being used as a cover
so that secrecy is in place?
And if so, is there some
central creed to this group?
Is there some internal
collusion, some philosophy
that binds them
together, that makes
them feel different from
everyone else and perhaps
also superior to everyone else?
>>GRIFFIN: It's not
my area of expertise.
And I know what
you're talking about.
I've seen documents supporting
exactly what you're saying,
and they look like
they're authentic to me.
I have also talked
to people that
say, well, that's not true.
It's not really that way at all.
I remember when I was in school,
I joined a fraternity, OK?
I was big fraternity
guy on campus.
And we had secrets like that.
And as I recall, we had to
swear that we would do something
like that.
Nobody took it seriously.
We'd have our drink of
beer and, oh, yeah, OK,
are we done with
that ceremony now?
Let's go on, do something
more interesting.
I'm not trying to lighten
it, by sloughing if off
with that kind of an
analogy, but I can at least
imagine how a lot of
people in these orders
may not take that
seriously and think,
well, it's just a
story or it's symbolic
or something like that.
Nevertheless, now, let
me get to the point
that I've often
pondered on it, that I
feel that there is something
at a much higher level that
transcends all of these
cartels, all of these banking
structures, all of
these political groups.
There seems to be something
that pulls them together
that is unseen.
I don't know what it is.
It could be exactly what
you're talking about.
I remember being
startled by the fact
that during the
Bolshevik Revolution,
the Bolsheviks were on their
way to Russia on a boat,
and they got stopped in-- I
mean the revolutionaries were
on their way to Russia.
They got stopped in
Halifax up in Canada,
and they were put in
prison because they
were known to be going to
overthrow a government.
And the records are
very clear on that
that they got calls
from high-ranking people
in Washington, D.C., and I think
from France to the authorities
there, demanding that these
men be put back on the boat
and continued on their
way, which they did.
And there was no explanation as
to who these people were that
called from New York or France.
And who would they possibly be?
What authority could come
internationally like that?
And it had to be
something that is unseen.
And I run into that
over and over again
in very dynamic
points in history,
where there seems to be an
unseen force that ties people
together.
And I don't really
know what it is,
but I think it's worth
looking at and questioning
and researching.
Maybe we'll find the answer.
Maybe your answer is correct.
But I do know this, David, that
when it comes push to shove,
it doesn't make too
much difference.
Regardless of who might be
this unseen force bringing it
all together, what they are
doing has to be stopped,
regardless of who it is.
Some people say,
well, it's the Masons.
Some people say it's the Jews,
and we've got the Catholics.
Or now the latest bugaboo,
of course, is the Muslims.
They're behind everything.
And well, maybe there's some
truth to each of those points
and some groupings at some point
in history and all of that.
But so what?
What do we do?
Go out and shoot
all those people?
Or do we get on with
the job of dismantling
the system of collectivism
which they are building,
dismantling their central
banks, dismantling their tools
that they're using to enslave
the rest of the world,
regardless of who's behind it?
So that's where I
like to keep my focus,
is let's get on with the
job of taking the power away
from them, no
matter who they are.
>>DAVID: Ed, you wrote
about an interesting era
in American history,
where possibly the vice
grip that the cartel has
upon our political system
was starting to break.
I'm specifically talking
about the McCarthy era.
Now, a lot of our people who
are going to be watching this,
they might not even
know what a CD is.
They've been raised
in the modern era.
Communism is a distant memory.
So who was Senator Joe McCarthy?
And what was going on with
this Red Scare that was taking
place in America at the time?
Another thing I want
you to throw in there
is that it says
in your biography
that you were involved
in the George Wallace
presidential campaign in 1968.
Now, George Wallace's vice
presidential candidate
was General Curtis LeMay.
And it says in your
biography that you actually
worked as a speechwriter
for General LeMay.
Now, LeMay was one of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff in the Kennedy
administration who saw the
assassination of President John
F. Kennedy.
So I'm curious about how
this story of the McCarthy
era and the communist
scare factors in?
Is there something here
that we should know about?
Or can it all just be dismissed
as right-wing paranoia?
>>GRIFFIN: The
McCarthy era, the era
of when I became aware of what's
really going on in the world,
was right in the middle
of that in the 1960s
and moved into the
'70s and so forth.
But the viewpoint that I
had and those with whom
I was working most closely
was that our primary threat
at that time was communism.
And that's not a
popular view today
to say, oh, well, that
was just a McCarthy scare.
There was no real threat.
They were looking for commies
under every bed and so forth.
Innocent people were
having their reputations
ruined by being accused of
being communists and so forth.
But that's not
the whole picture.
Some of that is true, but
there's more to it than that.
As I see it,
because I really was
in the middle of
that at the time,
is that there was a problem
of communism at that time.
And there was a great
deal of infiltration
of communist agents, known
communist agents, members
of the Communist
Party, U.S.A, who
had infiltrated into
not only government
positions but education
and the media, all
the sensitive choke points
in American society.
They were there.
McCarthy was right.
Now, it's hard to
defend McCarthy today,
because it's almost a catch
phrase, 'Oh, McCarthyite'.
And it's synonymous with being
some kind of a crazy guy that
had no respect for individual
disagreement or anything
like that.
But the truth is,
McCarthy was right.
And the documents have
come out since then proving
that he was right, but they
don't get much publicity,
because we don't want to tamper
with the image of McCarthyism
meaning some kind
of a witch hunt.
The problem with
Joe McCarthy, who
was the senator from Wisconsin,
is that he didn't really
understand the media
very well, and he
was a pushover for the media.
And he would lose
his temper on camera.
And he would say some of the
most ridiculous, stupid things.
And he really looked
bad on camera.
Well, and the media just
egged him on and just drew him
into those kinds of situations.
And of course, those
are valuable tools
if you want to
discredit somebody.
Just find them on
camera, like I am,
saying something that
is really bad or stupid.
And McCarthy gave them plenty
of opportunities to do that.
But the truth of the matter
is, and I say it again,
is that he was right.
There was a lot of infiltration
of communist agents.
And most of them were
never really rooted out.
They were still there.
Now, most of them
have died by now.
And we don't know whether they
were replaced by others or not.
But the real essence to that
question lies in the fact
that, although it was
real that communism
was on the move in those days,
not only in the United States
but around the world,
those of us who
were in the forefront of
that anti-communist movement
were somewhat blinded by a very
important movement in history
that was going on
right under our noses.
And we didn't see it.
And that is that
communism is merely
one of the manifestations
of this deeper thing called
collectivism.
And it has other manifestations
such as fascism, Nazism,
socialism, communism,
liberalism,
and all different variants
of the same thing,
which is really collectivism.
The philosophy is the same
in all of these things.
And we didn't realize that our
own government at that time,
which we were
fiercely defending,
was rapidly becoming more
and more collectivist itself.
And under a different label
and under the American flag
and under these
feelings of patriotism,
it was rapidly evolving
into the very thing
we were fighting under
a different name.
We didn't see it.
So we were totally over here
worried about communists,
and we should have
been, but we weren't
worried about the development
of the same ideology,
not under the name of
communism, but under the name
of Americanism,
or anti-communism,
was being developed
right in our own society.
Well, fortunately, we were
able with the passage of time
to correct that error.
And now in retrospect, we
can see that we were blinded.
And now our movement is a little
more, I think, well-rounded.
We can spot collectivism no
matter what name it uses.
And it's a handy talent to have.
It's a handy experience to have.
I urge that everybody get
used to the idea of quit
saying communism, fascism,
Nazism, socialism,
and all that stuff,
liberalism, republicanism,
democrat-- all of that.
Those words mean nothing.
Get to the core of it,
which is collectivism
versus individualism.
And I urge everybody
to get clear on that.
Because once they do, then
all of these other phrases
kind of fall away.
They're just labels for
pretty much the same thing.
So I look back on that
period of my own involvement,
and it was quite a
learning experience.
There were some
things I did that I
wish I hadn't done because
of that blindness that I had.
But I guess it was just part
of the learning experience.
So it's all very welcome.
And now you mention
Curtis LeMay.
General LeMay.
It's true that
when he was running
on the ticket, the political
ticket with George Wallace,
I volunteered to be a
speechwriter for him.
They wanted to pay me.
There was a nice salary
that was being drawn up.
All these people on
these campaign trips
make good money while
they're on the trip.
They figure make
it now, because it
will be a long time before
I get another assignment
like this one.
But I volunteered
to do it for $1.
I said, I'll charge you $1.
And they looked at
me like I was crazy.
And the reason I did
it is not because I was
a great fan of George Wallace.
I knew nothing
about Curtis LeMay
except he was a famous general,
a head of the Air Force,
the strategic command.
He was a very famous guy, and
he was running as the running
mate with Wallace.
And I was enthused because I
saw that as any alternative
to the old trap of
the Republican Party
and the Democratic Party, the
two branches of the same party.
I could see even then that
that was the wrong way to go.
So I thought that anything
other than that-- bad thinking,
but nevertheless,
that's what I was
thinking-- anything other than
that would be worth my support.
So I volunteered to write
speeches for Curtis LeMay.
And so I traveled
around in the cavalcade
and all the police escorts.
And I went from city to
city, and I wrote a couple
of speeches for the general.
And he never read any of them.
I worked really hard on those.
I worked out what I thought
was a good foreign policy
statement for the United
States, and I'd say, now,
this is my speech, General.
Do you see anything in
there that you don't like
or we could change or amplify?
He'd be, oh, that's
good, that's good.
But what would
happen, he would get
before the Press Club
or the press conference,
and these reporters
were so good.
They did the same thing to him.
They would get him off base
simply by-- they'd start off
with a question like this.
Well, General LeMay, is it
true that you are a racist?
[LAUGHS]
Well, he's got this speech
here about foreign policy,
and he's, no, it's
not true I'm a racist.
Well, how come-- and
they start asking,
well, So-and-so says
you're a racist,
or you're supporting
George Wallace.
And don't you think that
Negroes should have equality?
And are you against
education for black people?
And all these things.
And his speech was gone.
He was off in a defensive mode,
and he would lose his temper.
And he just blew it every time.
So after about,
oh, I don't know,
three or four weeks,
I just said, bye-bye.
I'm going back to
California and get back
to whatever I have to do.
So that was my big
experience with Curtis LeMay,
and I didn't know anything
about him at the time except
that he was a famous general.
>>DAVID: Ed, what do
you think about the idea
that the cartel that
we've been speaking about
owns both sides of
the conflicts that we
see playing out on the
headlines and the nightly news?
We spoke about the communist
Red Scare, the McCarthy era.
Were these communists
actually enemies?
Or is it some form of
controlled opposition
that the same cartel
is using to work
both sides against the
middle to steer society
towards their collective goal,
which as you've been saying
is some form of collectivism?
>>GRIFFIN: David, I
think both are true.
I think depending on what
circumstance or what event
or what period of time
we're talking about,
both of those tactics
are being used.
The old-style
communist infiltration
into the government, where they
have little cells-- actually,
they called them
cells in Washington.
And they would meet every
week in somebody's apartment,
and they would drive up
separately and park the cars
a block away so nobody could
take their license numbers.
And it was all very secret.
And it was real.
But that is not
happening anymore.
That's long gone.
Most of these people,
if they are still
members of the communist
cabal, they probably
are not members of the
Communist party officially.
They learned that
that's silly stuff.
You don't need to carry
a membership card around
to do the job.
So that has changed.
But what I learned long after
those days, as I got deeper
into the real involvement
of our government,
is that this other
side of collectivism,
the so-called right-wing
side, as opposed
to the left-wing side,
was growing up around
primarily another group
called the Council
on Foreign Relations.
And it's a very
interesting group.
I know we don't
have time for that.
But they believed pretty much
the same as the communists.
But they were enemies
of the communists,
primarily because
they wanted dominance.
It's still a war around the
world between this left-wing
and this right-wing
branch of collectivism,
communism versus what we
would call the free world,
or what was the free
world, has become
a right-wing
philosophical movement,
which is almost
indistinguishable
from the left-wing
philosophical movement,
except they're enemies and
they're fighting for dominance,
not because they
disagree with each other
on any major principle.
It's just a question of who's
going to be the big cheese.
That's what it's really
all about at the UN.
That's what it's all
about in the United
States between the
Republicans and the Democrats.
They agree on all
the basic principles.
It's just going
to be who is going
to be the big change
in the White House
and dominate the Congress
and the Senate and so forth.
So anyway, I don't know that
that answers your question,
but I think that that
is the thing that people
need to focus on,
is that there's
no difference between
right and left.
They're both variant
forms of collectivism.
And I didn't know
that when I first
started back in the 1960s.
I thought we had communism
and we had fascism and Nazism,
but they were dead, because they
were defeated in war, right?
So we didn't worry
about them anymore.
And as I said before,
I wasn't aware
that it was growing
right under our noses
under the name of Americanism.
>>DAVID: Why do you
think this cartel would
want people to die?
How could any sane
and loving person
want to suppress cheap, workable
cures for cancer like Laetrile?
Why would they want to send
people to their deaths in war?
And why would they want to have
such an iron grip of control
over our society?
Is there some different
mentality in this cartel?
>>GRIFFIN: I do think there
is quite a different mentality
between the dominant members
of these various cartels
and the average citizen.
But that doesn't mean that
the cartel leaders really
want people to die in
the sense that that
is their primary motive.
I look at it this way.
I think what they really
want is power and money.
And if people have to die in
order to achieve that, well,
then so be it.
It's too bad.
It's not that they
want them to die,
but they're perfectly willing
to accept that as collateral
damage to achieve
their real goal, which
is this ultimate control and
power, which they finally
call the New World Order.
So I think that it's
just the question of,
yes, they're willing
to sacrifice lives,
but that's not
their primary goal.
Now, you get into
the area-- well,
some people are really dominated
by this idea population
control.
We have to limit the population,
reduce the population.
And even there, I don't
see them as saying,
we want to kill people.
But they're very adamant
about reducing fertility rates
and maybe reducing
longevity a little bit.
They don't care
if the environment
is loaded with toxins.
They don't care.
Putting toxins into
the environment,
spraying things into
gives them control over
weather, for example.
So they can use that
as a warfare weapon.
Well, it's too bad if
people have to get sick,
but this is national security
now we're talking about.
This is America first, now.
We've got to be
militarily strong,
and that means we have
to control the weather so
that we can have dominance
over other nations.
If they want to
limit the population,
the preferred way is to dump
fluorides into the water system
and tell the people
it's to prevent cavities
so they'll be happy about it.
Knowing full well that the
fluoride that goes in there,
the primary effect is to
reduce the fertility rate
and reduce the
population's ability
to reproduce itself and expand.
But yeah, so all of
that means that they do
have a different perspective
than the average person.
But I still don't see it as,
for most of those people,
I don't see that their
goal is to kill people
and to make them suffer.
>>DAVID: When we
think about the idea
that the cabal controls
the mainstream media,
we have to relearn everything
we thought we knew.
The people who are
being presented
as cranks and crackpots,
who are supposedly
lunatics or hot heads, may not
actually be so crazy after all.
And after what
you've heard here,
I'm sure you can start to see
that the same is undoubtedly
true for Senator Joe McCarthy.
So this is psychologically
overwhelming information.
The idea that this
cartel really exists,
the idea that it's
spread this far and wide,
is totally outrageous.
And in the next episode,
we're going to bring it up
into the 20th century
with the Federal Reserve
and all of the ways in which
the things that we've learned
consolidate into
what we know now.
That's coming up next
time here on "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
speaking truth to power
and giving power to the truth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]